Docs: add a few notes and warnings (#2925)
YaLTeR/niri: docs/wiki/Important-Software.md

If you do not want to install `nautilus` (say you use `nemo` instead), you can set `org.freedesktop.impl.portal.FileChooser=gtk;` in `niri-portals.conf` to use the GTK portal for file chooser dialogues.

> [!WARNING]

> > Setting the `GDK_BACKEND` environment variable globally will break the screencast portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Do not set the `GDK_BACKEND` environment variable globally as this will break the screencast portal.
```
